# Project Reflection

Because the front-end and backend teams were working separately on each user story, we had problems when it came to testing, as we couldn’t test the whole website until the end of the sprint. In hindsight, the front-end and back-end team should have worked more closely together in order to ensure that the integration and testing process was more efficient. Additionally, our API was not entirely consistent throughout the sprints because of changing requirements. It would have been ideal to completely define the API at the beginning of all sprints, so requests and naming conventions were consistent.

Having team meetings at the end of the sprint for integration testing (specifically in-person) was much easier to ensure all components worked together correctly. This was because we could quickly show/discuss what the front end was sending in its requests, what the back end was receiving from the endpoints, etc. We also had team standups Monday/Wednesday/Friday every week to ensure the team was always up to date and on the same page during development.

If we were to continue working as a team from now on, we would have the backend and frontend teams work more closely together on each user story, to make sure that testing is done earlier on in the sprint. Specifically, for the frontend team, we could have completed the code that would hit the endpoints for the backend first and have that fully functional before working on the UI, since the UI could be completed independent of the backend team. Furthermore, we would spend more time on writing the API documentation so that we can cover all edge cases, and therefore, not have to change the API later on in the sprint. We would still continue to meet for in-person coding and testing sessions. We found that these sessions increased our efficiency and productivity.